It is a self-developed project I did in 2019.

It is an AR matching and storytelling game for children at 5-9 years old and their parents,
which was aiming for enhancing parent-child interactions. 

I planned and created the whole game concept.  
I developed this game with Unity and tested it with parents, children, 
and some experts who have children teaching experiences alone with interviews as well. 

I have been self-learning how to develope a game in Unity with C#. 
This project is the one i am proud of the most because many people have tried it and most of them liked it and gave me many feedbacks.
This AR application not only could help with enhancing the interactions between parents and children, 
it could also be combined with lots of educative content for children to learn while playing.
I really enjoy when people feel happy about playing the game I designed and I am the one who is able to improve the game to a even better one. 

I learnt to use Vuforia with Unity, to code the interations between each 3D characters, to design the game machanism, 
and also to export the game to digital devices and so on. 


//
Instruction of the AR applicaiton: 

In this AR application, marker tracking technique is used, 
which means the corresponding image descriptors(markers) are provided beforehand and stored into the database. 
This project used Vuforia as the database to store information of the markers. 
And those markers were printed out and made to tangible cards afterwards.

The whole AR application takes around forty minutes to one hour to play.
There are three main modes, which are AR exploration, matching game, and storytelling. 

1.
AR exploration is like a warm-up of playing matching game and storytelling. 
When parents and children are exploring different animations and interactions of each AR marker, 
they can have more discussions and conversations about what they found and what they thought. 
Different AR cards have different interactions, those may show separately or in pairs. 
Some of those even have buttons showing on the screen of the phone,
so players can click on those to have more interactions with the AR cards. 
AR exploration is a mode which brings surprises to players. 

2.
Matching game has collaboration mode and competition mode. 
There are six pairs (twelve cards) of matching AR cards in total. 
Matching game can improve children’s eye-hand coordination and memory. 
Because of the timer in the collaboration mode, 
parents and children have more intensive conversations in order to complete the game as fast as possible. 

a.	Collaboration
Put the chosen pairs based on the difficulty you selected and flip all of those to the back sides. 
For each time, flip two cards and use the camera to detect the two cards at the same time. 
If it is a wrong pair, there will be a big red cross showing on the screen with a sound effect. 
Flip those two cards back and flip other two cards until you get a correct pair. 
When you get a correct pair, the character will move towards the item until it touches the item and you will get one point, 
which shows at the top-up corner of the screen. 
Move away the matching pair and continue to flip other cards until you found all the matching cards. 
When the game ends, the time you spent will be shown on the middle of the screen.

b.	Competition
Parents and children take turns to flip cards. 
Put the chosen pairs based on the difficulty you selected and flip all of those to the back sides. 
One play starts to flip two cards and use the camera to detect the two cards at the same time. 
There is a colored frame which indicates whose turn. 
If it is a wrong pair, there will be a big red cross showing on the screen with a sound effect. 
Then the colored frame changes to another color, which means it changes to the other player’s turn. 
If one player got a correct pair, move away the matching pair and the turn remains. 
When all the cards are matched, the game ends, end the application shows who the winner is on the screen.


3.
Three AR background cards are added in the storytelling mode. 
Players can use one of them as a background and put character cards and item cards into the scene to tell stories. 
Besides, players can click on the BGM (background music) button to have background music playing while telling stories.

In this mode, the AR application provides some random elements and shows those on the screen. 
Parents can be a boss and guide their children to tell stories by controlling those buttons on the right-hand side of the screen. 
If paerents click “More”, there will be more random elements showing up. 
Parents can also click on “rain” or “fire” to make some incidents happen to help children to create more interesting stories. 
When parents think a story is finished, they can click on “Pass”, 
so the application will provide another new random element as a new topic of a story. 
Also, it notes how many stories the children have told on the top-left side of the screen.
